Add gpt4all local models, including an embedding provider (#454)
jupyterlab/jupyter-ai: docs/source/users/index.md

> decide which models you will use. We currently offer three models from GPT4All:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
decide which models you will use. We currently offer the following models from GPT4All:
```

> | Model name                   | Model size | Model bin URL                                              |

Reviewer: Do we need to provide the model size? Does GPT4All have its own page that we can link to? I worry that this info might become outdated easily.

Author: Unless the models change, this should not change. If the models will change, they will have different names/versions.
